Add documentation for alter_data_node (#1834)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/multinode-timescaledb/multinode-ha.md

### Node failures
When a data node fails, inserts that attempt to write to the failed
node result in an error. This is to preserve data consistency in
case the data node becomes available again. You can use the
[`alter_data_node`][alter_data_node] call to mark a failed data node

> as unavailable by running the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as unavailable by running this query:
```

```sql
SELECT alter_data_node('data_node_2', available => false);
```

Setting `available => false` means that the data node is no longer
used for reads and writes queries.

> To fail over reads, the [`alter_data_node`][alter_data_node]  call finds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fail over reads, the [`alter_data_node`][alter_data_node] call finds
```

> all the chunks for which the unavailable data node is the **primary** query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all the chunks for which the unavailable data node is the primary query
```

> target and fails over to a chunk replica on another data node instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target and fails over to a chunk replica on another data node.
```

However, if some chunks do not have a replica to fail over to, a warning
is raised. Reads continue to fail for chunks that do not have a chunk
replica on any other data nodes.

To fail over writes, any activity that intends to write to the failed

> node marks the involved chunk as **stale** for this specific failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node marks the involved chunk as stale for the specific failed
```

node by changing the metadata on the access node. This is only done
for natively replicated chunks. This allows you to continue to write

> to other chunk replicas on other data nodes while this failed node has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to other chunk replicas on other data nodes while the failed node has
```

been marked as unavailable. Writes continue to fail for chunks that do
not have a chunk replica on any other data nodes. Also note that chunks

> on the failed node which do not get written into are not affected in any
> way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the failed node which do not get written into are not affected.
```

> The act of marking a chunk as **stale** means that the chunk becomes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you mark a chunk as stale, the chunk becomes
```

under-replicated. When the failed data node becomes available then such

> chunks can be re-balanced by using the [`copy_chunk`][copy_chunk] api as
> explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chunks can be re-balanced using the [`copy_chunk`][copy_chunk] API.
```

cluster permanently loses data.
</highlight>

> When you have successfully removed a failed data node or marked a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have successfully removed a failed data node, or marked a
```

> failed data node unavailable, some data chunks might lack replicas, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failed data node unavailable, some data chunks might lack replicas but
```

queries and inserts work as normal again. However, the cluster stays in

> a vulnerable state until all chunks are fully replicated again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a vulnerable state until all chunks are fully replicated.
```

When you have restored a failed data node or marked it available again, you can
see the chunks that need to be replicated with this query:

> <!--- Still experimental? --LKB 2021-10-20-->

Reviewer: I think this question from a year ago still stands ... 🤔
